change_ymlsplitter (#2928)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added **generate-unit-tests** documentation to the repo README.
* Added the `hiddenpassword` field to the integration schema, allowing **validate** to run on integrations with username-only inputs.
* Fixed an issue where **doc-review** required dot suffixes in release notes describing new content.

> * Fixed an issue where **download** would fail when file type is betaintegration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **download** command failed when running on a beta integration.
```
